fix newsletters query and bump version (#18)
gencat/decidim-department-admin: CHANGELOG.md

## next version:

## Version 0.0.7 (MINOR)

> - Fix Newsletters query, in admin site, with same area/department than current user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix Newsletters query. In admin newsletter list, filter newsletters only with same area/department than current user. 
```
